Add recomended minimum memory to localfs stack doc (#584)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/local/stacks.md

 - `memory` - the value to apply (in MB) to the Node.js `max-old-space-size` option.
    This defines the point where Node.js will start freeing unused memory. It is
    not a hard limit - the project's memory usage will not be capped - but this

>     is useful when running on a memory constrained device such as a Raspberry Pi. Recomended minium `256`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    is useful when running on a memory constrained device such as a Raspberry Pi. Recommended minimum `256`.
```

>  - `nodered` - the version number of Node-RED to use. This shold match the value used in the steps following.

Author: ```suggestion
 - `nodered` - the version number of Node-RED to use. This should match the value used in the steps following.
```
